Once upon a time, there was a village that had a very strange tradition. Whenever a villager needed to make a decision, they would not do it on their own. Instead, they would 
use a magic conch shell. This magic conch shell had a cord, and whenever that cord was pulled the shell would begin to speak and answer a question that the villagers  
had asked it. The villagers took its word as gospel, and would do whatever it said, even if the answer did not make any sense. However, one fateful day, a group of villagers 
became stranded in a kelp forest with the magic conch shell.

As the villagers did in times of trouble, they turned to the shell. “Oh great one” they chanted, “How do we escape the kelp forest?” The shell answered back, “Fly.” The villagers
were confused. They had no wings and could not fly. But the shell was never wrong. The villagers began to think. How could they fly? Soon, one of the oldest villagers in the group
sprang up yelling “I know how to fly!!” The other villagers listened intently while the elder shared his idea. “We must use the kelp” he said, “we must use the kelp as wings!”

The villagers quickly began to gather kelp from the forest, making sure to grab a mixture of stiff and blendable kelp. They began to construct the wings with the stiff kelp as the
back bone and blendable kelp as the filler. It took them days but eventually they had enough wings for every member of the village. The villagers asked then asked the shell, "Oh 
great one, how do we get off the ground" and the shell answered, "climb". And so they did. The villagers strapped on their wings and found the tallest tree. It was difficult as
they were not used to the feeling of the wings but eventually they made it to the top. They sat there for a second, feeling the wind russeling through their long grown hair and 
feeling the warm sun on their faces. Then, the oldest villager who had suggested the idea stood. He lifted up his arms, the kelp wings spread wide, took a deep squat and pushed 
off from the tree, bringing his arms down in a giant gust of wind shaking the trees. The villager soared up in the air, so high that he became a black speck in the deep blue of 
the sky. The other villagers followed, one by one leaping from the top of the kelp trees to take flight high in the sky, heading toward their home.  
